Add make clean note (#440)
exercism/c: docs/TESTS.md

$ make test
```

### Clean up

> To clean up after a build (for example, in case a sunsequent build encounters problems) you can tell make to delete all of the buid output, including the current executable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To clean up after a build (for example, in case a subsequent build encounters problems) you can tell make to delete all of the build output, including the current executable:
```

### Clean up

> To clean up after a build you can tell `make` to delete all of the buid output, including the executable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To clean up after a build you can tell `make` to delete all of the build output, including the executable:
```
